Question 2 (from Lesson 2.1): ~1.5 pages
When we take the participant view of the user, we look at the entire context surrounding their activity. However, some interfaces are designed for activities that exist in different contexts.

First, select one activity you perform with a computer interface in multiple contexts. For example, you might use a text messaging app while walking down the street, sitting at your desk, eating a meal, or driving your car (though hopefully not!). You shouldn’t select text messaging: select some activity that is not used as an example in this question prompt.

Then, discuss how the different contexts surrounding the app add different constraints or challenges to using the app. For example, with a text messaging app, your cognitive resources are more divided eating or driving, and your physical precision is less reliable while walking.

Finally, describe how the design of the interface might be altered to perform differently depending on your context to overcome those constraints. You may assume that the interface is able to magically know your context. For example, if you were writing about text messaging, you could assume the app would know if you were driving, walking, or sitting.

Hint: Context can differ subtly and change rapidly. For example, driving a moving car and sitting at a stop light are two subtly different contexts. If you were writing about text messaging, you might note that the user’s eyes are diverted to the road while the car is moving, and so the phone cannot rely on the user seeing it. A redesign might let the user dictate text messages while driving, and be prepared to show them a large view of the draft message when the car stops at a stop light, allowing the user to quickly approve and send the message after checking for transcription errors.

# Q2: participant viewpoint discussion : kindle

My kindle is something I try to use as often as I can. Growing up, kids are often told that reading books will help them grow and I really took that to heart. Because of this, I immediately bought the ebook reader Kindle when it came out. The size was about 5 by 10 inches and the majority of the face of the kindle is a backlit touchscreen. After selecting a book, there are 2 areas of the screen that can be tapped to either advance to the next page or return to the previous page. I try to take my kindle wherever I go, and with that, I noticed that there're drastic differences in my reading pace when I try to read in different environments. For me, I find reading to be a very involved task and I have to be "in the zone" to fully immerse myself in the imagery created by the text. When I read in my room, it's very easy to make a lot of progress; I can curl up on a couch or a comfortable chair and my kindle's basic features and functionalities, a backlit screen and buttons from backwards and forwards, are all I need in that particular setting. However, in a public setting like a coffeeshop, I find my self easily distracted by the surroundings and it'll be orders of magnitude more difficult to stay focus or even find where exactly I left off when I was distracted. Any time a distraction comes my way, it'll take a few seconds to find out where I left off, reset my mindset and try to re-immerse myself back into the book.
I believe, at the basis, my issue with distractions is a personal one. I know of other people who could definitely be in the same situation and not be distracted. Despite this, I believe technology exists to solve man's problems and rather have my problem remedied by an external mean. I believe a Kindle could benefit from having better system to tracking my place in the book. The first idea that comes to mind is to have the user set some kind of reading speed, and it could pause on demand. With this kind of setup, it'd be easier to get back to where the reader left off when a distraction comes along. With current technology, there could even be retina tracking to detect if the person is actively reading or glancing away from the screen, allowing the functionality to be completely hands-free. The reading speed could even be tracked by how fast the user's eyes move across the screen! Another feature that I think would be useful is to implement an accompanying audiobook with the text. In the scenario that I am envisioning, the pace of the audiobook would be synced up with the speed of the reading speed of the user. When the user is reading in a busy environment, having the audio of the book maintaining a pace could help keep the pace of the reader and avoid distractions. This additionally could function as a method to reinforce the imagery of the book into the user. By having the user process the words of the text via their ears AND eyes, it would directly impact 2 sensory organs at the same time and create a more immersive environment for the reader. Of course, some readers might prefer the normal ways of reading and not have the hassle of the extraneous functionalities that are designed to remedy my particularly short attention span. I imagine that these functionalities would be dictated by a set of configurations that captures the users' preferences on whether or not to use these functionalities and to extent (and which environments) these helper functions should be used.
