Question 4 (from Lesson 2.2): ~1.5 pages
Select an activity from your regular life that struggles with a large gulf of execution or gulf of evaluation, especially due to a weakness of the interface involved in the activity. First, describe what makes that gulf wide. What are the failures of the current interface to bridge the gulf?

Then, select a similar activity from your regular life that does a better job bridging its gulf of execution or gulf of evaluation. Briefly describe that activity and what gives it a narrower gulf.

Finally, describe what lessons could be borrowed from the second activity’s interface to resolve the wide gulf in the first activity.

Hint: Make sure to select two different activities. They can be similar (two smartphone apps for different tasks, two different kitchen appliances, two different input devices), but they should not be the same exact task (two different game consoles, two different car navigation interfaces, two different smartphone operating systems). The goal is to redesign the weaker interface, not to describe how it was already redesigned to create the stronger interface.

Grilling is an activity that I do every once in a while. Because of that, I familiar with what tasks that I need to perform but sometimes it may be difficult to judge how hot the grill is, what temperature I need to be cooking at, how long I should be cooking for and other minor questions. I think the biggest challenge for me in grilling is that the hood of the grill is supposed to be closed for majority of the time during grilling. But with the hoods being opaque, I often have this urgency to check what I am cooking every minute or every couple of minutes. By doing that, I inadventently let out a lot of the heat and end up cooking "suboptimally". I think for an everyday task like grilling meat, there should be a better way to check out what you are cooking or how ready something is without opening the hood, and thus let out all the heat. This task is something that I associate with a large gulf of evaluation because there's not a very transparent way to observe the readiness of the cooking progress.

Arcade games have been thrilling to me for as long as I can remember. With all the bright flashing lights, every piece of arcade fought to seek for a user's attention. One particular piece of machine that comes to mind when thinking about a narrow gulf of execution and evaluation was a particular game that was a large circle that was made of individual light bulbs. At any second, there would be a single lightbulb that is lit and the lit light would rapid switch to the next one down the line. This would happen so fast that it looks like the light was moving round and round the larger circle. In this game, the player would be stationed on one side of the circle next to a button. The button would have a GIANT red arrow pointing to a particular light bulb in the aforementioned circle. The objective of the game was to "capture" the light dot that was going around the circle at breakneck speeds precisely in the single lightbulb that the player was in charge of via the button. If the "capture" missed the rotating dot that was spinning around, a sad sound would be played and the game would continue.  When someone presses the button at precisely the correct time to capture the moving dot, there would be flashing multicolored lights, some trumpeting sounds would be, and the player would be paid out some giant number of tickets. It was every kid's dream. In this paradigm, there were unapologetically loud and distinct responses to triumphant conditions.

Implementing all the bells and whistles of arcade games into a modern day grill is downright silly, but arcade games does not certain designs that could be used to benefit the grilling experience. The arcade game had results that were open and very transparent. One way that grilling could be made more simple is to just make the top of the grill transparent. By using this design, it'll be easier for a novice or unexperienced person to try to determine whether or not the food has been cooked for long enough. If I could visibly see that the food isn't ready, I wouldn't be as compelled to open the hood of the grill and see it with my own eyes. The same concept has already been implemented in ovens and microwaves, so what's stopping in from being put to use on grills? It'd be even better if some of the visual and auditory effects can be included to serve as a gentle remind for when the food has been on the grill too long. Most grills have some sort of internal temperature sensor that's built in. By using the temperature sensor and a rudimentary timing system, the manufacturer of grills can have pre-set cook times for certain common items, such as steaks, burgers, hot dogs, etc. When the food items reach that time, a related sound could play and the user would be reminded to check on the cooking status and verify the "readiness" of the food.
