Question 3 (from Lesson 2.2): ~1.5 pages
Describe the process of submitting an assignment to Canvas in terms of our discussion of feedback cycles.

For each of the three stages of the gulf of execution, describe how Canvas either successfully carries the student across that stage, or in what way it fails to carry the student across that stage. Assume the student does not already know exactly what to do: how does the system help them figure out what to do?

For each of the three stages of the gulf of evaluation, describe how Canvas successfully communicates the student the outcome of their action, or in what way it fails to communicate the outcome of their action. Again, assume that the student does not already know exactly what to expect.

Hint: Canvas allows assignment resubmission, so feel free to try this out with a draft of this assignment or a blank PDF. Feel free to describe an instance where the user fails at the task instead of where the user succeeds.

# submission via canvas : gulf of execution
  The goal is to submit my response to an assignment through the canvas web application.
## identify intentions
  There is a big blue button near the top right corner that contrasts with the rest of the page. The color of the button hints at the user that it should be clicked on to proceed with the submission. By clicking on here, an interface for uploading files is brought up.
## identify actions
  The tabs start out with "File Upload" and there are buttons below that users a fairly standard design to allow users to upload files. There are also other tabs to the right of "File Upload" that allows other ways to upload files to the interface. The interface is also set up in a stepwise format. The user should work their way from the top down to accomplish their goal of submitting the project.
## execute interface
  In the execution of the submission process, there are failsafes. For example, if no files have been uploaded, there would be a red pop-up message that conveys that to the user and prevents him/her from submitting an empty assignment. This is a good design because the 2 main ways that the execution process can go wrong is by either 1) user submits the wrong file or 2) the user submits before the file is attached or forgets to attach a file. By eliminating #2 option in the scenarios above. We maximize the probability for a successful submission.
## submission via canvas : gulf of evaluation

## interface output
  After the button for submitting the assignment is pressed, the submit button becomes greyed out and the text changes into "submitting...". This signals to the user that the button has been successfully pressed and the interface is now processing the data that is loaded. The fact that this effect takes place is a great response to the user because it conveys to the user that their action had an impact to the state of their project submission. Additionally, once the project is submitted, the page auto-refreshes to the main project screen and the submission details are updated on the right hand sidebar of the page. There are benefits to drawback regarding this design. I do appreciate that the details of the submission are updated and that is a good way for the user to verify that the submission went successfully. However, I don't enjoy how there is not another blatant status update that tells the user that the submission went from "submitting..." status to completed status. Most software designs nowadays have been gameified and I believe this design would benefit from having some kind of pavlovian "You successfully submitted the response!" type of message. That would give the user more gratification on accomplishing the task of submitting the assignment.

  
